+++
date = '2026-03-18T15:52:32+05:30'
draft = false
title = 'Blog2@'
+++
**This course is very interesting for me and also challenging; some of the things are very new to me, and some are a little familiar. The coin problem, the Bridge problem, finding the best possible and efficient route, and the train problem are interesting, and I already have some ideas. The train problem is quite fascinating and requires your mind to think about something new, something different. Things like blogs are totally new for me, I had no idea what Git Bash or what Zettlr is. These are challenging for me, and I am still encountering issues with this. The dynamic programming is also new to me. I had solved problems like this, but I never used this type of approach. This is a very effective and efficient way to solve problems. The image formation and transformation are also new to me and very interesting. I had no information about transformation, what is does, how an image is formed, and how an image becomes an image. When we are compressing an image, what actually happens to the image, or while we are editing an image by increasing or decreasing contrast, brightness. How RGB forms the different colors of an image, you can particularly increase the redness or greenness of an image by increasing the values. I had no idea before this related to the image. The problem of the coin, you can solve it with your initial intuition, but what if you have a bigger number than how you solve it, so a dynamic approach is needed here. This is very helpful for finding the shortest paths and knapsack optimization.**
